when the ops tempo increases. First, foremost get the word out to your
team. To division should stop way where we want to get the word out
because no one wants You need a pair of people, so they could be ready
to ramp up to it. And there are going to be times. Okay, we're going
to be doing unwrapped tomorrow morning, followed by a refueling.
Okay? We don't want the plane. Our house. Okay, that's high up step
over that day. I sure hope it's a Saturday, so I could take off on
something. I haven't like my duty day on Sunday, but you can't bail
on some days at sea being a day off. Hopefully, there are some times,
hopefully something that you took out, you could wind up spending
Sunday afternoon the Bering Sea and takeaways. Oh, we're on the bridge.
In which case you're not taking off on some day, you try to make
sure that the ship, um it's ready and obstinate. Bo doesn't change
this ship. Appreciator machinery. Yeah, off simple iob. Simple puts
that effect on you as a divisional. Sir, you have to make sure that
that machinery doesn't quit. Ready you can come off line, you do maintenance
and bring it back up on right and then just run ops, tempo,
effects, hops. There's no and you're gonna go through periods of it.
But first of all, the way to be ready for is to get down and then
excuse me with a smile. No one likes a complaint, that is, that's a
bute commission.